[console_scripts]
ForwardRun.py = pyginvc.scripts.ForwardRun:main
GeomOptRun.py = pyginvc.scripts.GeomOptRun:main
InversionView.py = pyginvc.scripts.InversionView:main
SlipInversion.py = pyginvc.scripts.SlipInversion:main
TriForwardRun.py = pyginvc.scripts.TriForwardRun:main
TriSlipInversion.py = pyginvc.scripts.TriSlipInversion:main
VolForwardRun.py = pyginvc.scripts.VolForwardRun:main
faultgeom2coulomb.py = pyginvc.scripts.faultgeom2coulomb:main
faultgeom2curvedfault.py = pyginvc.scripts.faultgeom2curvedfault:main
faultgeom2edcmp.py = pyginvc.scripts.faultgeom2edcmp:main
faultgeom2geojson.py = pyginvc.scripts.faultgeom2geojson:main
faultgeom2gmtlin.py = pyginvc.scripts.faultgeom2gmtlin:main
faultgeom2info.py = pyginvc.scripts.faultgeom2info:main
faultgeom2moment.py = pyginvc.scripts.faultgeom2moment:main
faultgeom2planefault.py = pyginvc.scripts.faultgeom2planefault:main
faultgeom2poly3d.py = pyginvc.scripts.faultgeom2poly3d:main
faultgeom2relax.py = pyginvc.scripts.faultgeom2relax:main
faultgeom2visco1d.py = pyginvc.scripts.faultgeom2visco1d:main
faultgeom2visco2pt5d.py = pyginvc.scripts.faultgeom2visco2pt5d:main
faultgeom2vtk.py = pyginvc.scripts.faultgeom2vtk:main
faultgeomResolution.py = pyginvc.scripts.faultgeomResolution:main
fsp2faultgeom.py = pyginvc.scripts.fsp2faultgeom:main
make_faultgeom.py = pyginvc.scripts.make_faultgeom:main
plot_faultgeom.py = pyginvc.scripts.plot_faultgeom:main
sdm2faultgeom.py = pyginvc.scripts.sdm2faultgeom:main
slip_rolation.py = pyginvc.scripts.slip_rolation:main
trimesh2gmtlin.py = pyginvc.scripts.trimesh2gmtlin:main
trimesh2info.py = pyginvc.scripts.trimesh2info:main
trimesh2moment.py = pyginvc.scripts.trimesh2moment:main
